adds warning about rust version (#103)
annotell/public-docs: docs-src/docs/kognic-io/calibrations/cameras-custom.md

## Compilation

> :::caution

Reviewer: Would this be better placed under the Rust example instead?

Author: The only heading that I see with rust is example with rust where I think it might get lost. If I would look for quick info on why script is failing I would look here I think. I think that this banner can be removed in a while since we have the version below so this is mostly temporary

> Rust 1.82 removes support for multivalue target (returning multiple values from a function). This feature is need for the calibrations to work at the moment. Therefore, you need to pin your rust and/or cargo version to < 1.82.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust 1.82.0 removes support for the multivalue feature target (returning multiple values from a function). Since this feature is currently needed for custom camera calibrations to work, the Rust and/or Cargo version needs to be pinned to < 1.82.0.
```

As stated above the WebAssembly module must follow a strict interface and compilation requires the multi-value proposal.
We provide a set of utilities that will make it easier to compile the WebAssembly module from a few languages, see table below. 

| **Language** | **Target**  | **Compilation tool** | **Required version** |
|--------------|-------------|----------------------|----------------------|

> | Rust         | *.rs        | rustc                | < 1.82               |
> | Rust (Cargo) | Cargo.toml  | cargo                | < 1.82               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Rust         | *.rs        | rustc                | < 1.82.0               |
| Rust (Cargo) | Cargo.toml  | cargo                | < 1.82.0               |
```
